# Debt Calculator

Debt Calculator is a web-based application designed to help users calculate and manage their debts. This tool offers an easy-to-use interface for tracking multiple debts, calculating repayment schedules, and visualizing debt reduction over time.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To get started with the Debt Calculator, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/s-gebby/debt-calc.git
    cd debt-calc
    ```

2. Install the necessary dependencies using npm:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

To use the Debt Calculator, start the application by opening the `index.html` file in your web browser. This can be done by simply double-clicking the file or using a live server extension in your code editor.

## Features

- **Multiple Debt Tracking**: Manage and track multiple debts with detailed information on each.
- **Debt Visualization**: Visualize your debt reduction over time with graphical representations.
- **Responsive Design**: The application is designed to be fully responsive and works on various devices.

## Project Structure

- `index.html`: The main HTML file that serves as the entry point for the application.
- `styles.css`: Contains the CSS styles for the application.
- `script.js`: The main JavaScript file that handles the application's logic.
- `output.css`: CSS file generated by TailwindCSS.
- `package.json`: Contains the metadata for the project and lists the dependencies.
- `postcss.config.js`: Configuration file for PostCSS.
- `tailwind.config.js`: Configuration file for TailwindCSS.
- `node_modules/`: Directory containing the project dependencies.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! To contribute to this project, follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## Contact

If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to open an issue in the repository.
email: s.3v0t2123@gmail.com

